README.md, before:

# SnoowyDayFund

SnoowyDayFund is an app for Reddit, built on Reddit's devvit platform, that enables Reddit users to create fundraisers for nonprofits using the Every.org API and display them as posts. These fundraiser posts stay updated in real-time with the latest tally of funds raised!

## Features

- Import an existing fundraiser from the every.org site.
- Create a fundraiser via a series of forms (unreleased).
- Real-time updates for fundraiser progress.

## Installation

### Development Setup

1. Clone the repository:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/snoowydayfund.git
    cd snoowydayfund
    ```

2. Follow the node and devvit installation instructions provided in the [Reddit Dev Guide](https://developers.reddit.com/docs/next/dev_guide).

### Using the App on Reddit

- Once we launch (expected in July 2024), you can install the app on a subreddit you moderate via the [App Directory](https://developers.reddit.com/apps/snoowy-day-fund).

For more details about apps for Reddit, visit the [Reddit Developer Documentation](https://developers.reddit.com/docs/next/mod_resources).

## Usage

1. Create an account and fundraiser on [every.org](https://every.org).
2. Copy the URL for your every.org fundraiser.
3. Go to your subreddit, click the subreddit menu button on the right side of your subreddit home "(...)".
4. Select "Create a post from an existing fundraiser".
5. Paste the every.org fundraiser URL, give your post a title, and click submit.
6. Pin the post as long as the fundraiser is running to maximize donations for your chosen nonprofit!

## Contribution

If you have any comments or suggestions, feel free to get in touch with us on Reddit: [u/thezachlandes](https://www.reddit.com/user/thezachlandes).

## License

For now, our code is available for non-commercial use. It cannot be used to make a competing fundraising application on Reddit.

Commit message:

Update README.md with license info

README.md, after:

# SnoowyDayFund

SnoowyDayFund is an app for Reddit, built on Reddit's devvit platform, that enables Reddit users to create fundraisers for nonprofits using the Every.org API and display them as posts. These fundraiser posts stay updated in real-time with the latest tally of funds raised!

## Features

- Import an existing fundraiser from the every.org site.
- Create a fundraiser via a series of forms (unreleased).
- Real-time updates for fundraiser progress.

## Installation

### Development Setup

1. Clone the repository:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/snoowydayfund.git
    cd snoowydayfund
    ```

2. Follow the node and devvit installation instructions provided in the [Reddit Dev Guide](https://developers.reddit.com/docs/next/dev_guide).

### Using the App on Reddit

- Once we launch (expected in July 2024), you can install the app on a subreddit you moderate via the [App Directory](https://developers.reddit.com/apps/snoowy-day-fund).

For more details about apps for Reddit, visit the [Reddit Developer Documentation](https://developers.reddit.com/docs/next/mod_resources).

## Usage

1. Create an account and fundraiser on [every.org](https://every.org).
2. Copy the URL for your every.org fundraiser.
3. Go to your subreddit, click the subreddit menu button on the right side of your subreddit home "(...)".
4. Select "Create a post from an existing fundraiser".
5. Paste the every.org fundraiser URL, give your post a title, and click submit.
6. Pin the post as long as the fundraiser is running to maximize donations for your chosen nonprofit!

## Contribution

If you have any comments or suggestions, feel free to get in touch with us on Reddit: [u/thezachlandes](https://www.reddit.com/user/thezachlandes).

## License

Our code is available for use under the highly permissive BSD-3 license. We encourage you to reuse whatever elements of the codebase you find useful for your original projects, with appropriate attribution.
